Update presence-admins.md (#9535)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/presence-admins.md

# User presence in Teams

Presence is part of a user's profile in Microsoft Teams (and throughout Microsoft 365 or Office 365). Presence indicates the user's current availability and status to other users. By default, anyone in your organization using Teams can see (in nearly real time) if other users are available online. Presence is updated in real time on the web and desktop versions when you refresh the page on mobile.
 > [!NOTE]

>  > When user presence is changed in graph api, teams client will take few minutes to update the presence, due it is using poll mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 > When user presence changes in Graph API, the Teams client will take few minutes to update the presence due it using poll mode.
 
```
